In order to make the markdown preview functional
we will need to installed market parser package. So
let's navigate to npm
js dot com
here in the search box
Let's find markdown parser
in this list
let's choose this markdown it because this package
although less popular with this mark package but
it's good in quality and maintenance also
this package provides some plugins that will extend
the functionality of the package such as markdown
emoji markdown it container
markdown it footer and so on.
All right let's hit this package
here
let's copy the installation command
let's switch to our terminal
and here I'll run run watch
open new terminal and paste the previous command
here. And let's add dash dash save dev to indicate
that this package is dev dependencies or we can
simply use the shorthand just like this. Hit return
now
while it's install let's switch to to
m editor dot vue. Go to script here
firstly let's import the markdown it package.
Then define a variable to hold the markdown it instance.
Now we can add computed property
and here let's define a new method.
I'll call it preview.
Inside this method we can render the raw markdown
into html by saying return md dot render
and then pass the body in.
Now we can go to our template
and here we can add html content to this div by saying
v html
equals preview
and we don't need this text anymore.
Alright
let's save and have a look.
Reload the page
hit the edit button and hit the preview tab. As you
can see now we can preview our question here.
So if I write something here
here I can see how it look before I actually
save the change into database.
Okay great
Now one thing we need to fix here
is this text area because if we see
when I hit the edit
button the rest of the question is hidden and I need to
scroll up or down to see entire body of the question
in my opinion
It would be better to make the height of this text
area to automatically resize depends on the text
that contains inside it.
So we'll do that in the next video.